Edits (#100)
wormhole-foundation/docs.wormhole.com: docs/reference/glossary.md

## Guardian

> A [Guardian](./components/guardian.md) is one of the 19 parties running validators in the Guardian Network that contributes to the VAA multisig and signs the validity of payloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [Guardian](./components/guardian.md) is one of the 19 parties running validators in the Guardian Network that contributes to the VAA multisig.
```

> Every Guardian is required to operate nodes for all the blockchains it provides support for, enabling them to monitor the gossip network for Wormhole invocations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every Guardian is required to operate nodes for all the blockchains Wormhole supports. 
```

Reviewer: less is more

## Guardian Network

> Validators that exist in their own P2P network serve as Wormhole's oracle by observing activity on-chain and generating signed messages attesting to that activity. 

Reviewer: if changing this, id say `...p2p network, serving as`

## Relayer

> Relayers are carriers of messages and VAAs access chains and the guardian network making them the point of contact between wormhole and blockchains.

Reviewer: I dont follow this? Id leave it

## Sequence

A nonce, strictly increasing, tracked by the wormhole core contract and unique to emitter chain and address 

## Spy

> A Spy is a daemon that eavesdrops on the messages passed between Guardians, typically to track VAAs as they get signed. They don't participate on voting but listen the gossip network like light nodes.

Author: Oh by voting I meant consensus and signing, will make the changes

## VAA

> [Verifiable Action Approvals](./components/vaa.md) (VAAs) are the base data structure in the Wormhole ecosystem, containing the messages emitted by xDapps after it has been voted and approved by the Guardian Network. A message needs 2/3n + 1 of the votes to become a VAA.

Reviewer: I'd leave the 2/3+1 off, folks can read about this in the details section
